Add a goal for Improving Unsafe Code Documentation in the Rust Standard Library (#511)
rust-lang/rust-project-goals: src/2026/improve-std-unsafe.md

## Team asks

| Team       | Support level | Notes                                   |
| ---------- | ------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| [libs]     | Small         | Review pull requests; |
| [opsem]    | Small         | Review pull requests; answer questions on Zulip when there are different openions about specific rules  |

## Frequently asked questions

### What is the difference from goal [486](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-project-goals/pull/486).

[#486](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-project-goals/pull/486) will start with Eclipse iceoryx2.
> We’ll apply the zerocopy model systematically, starting with [Eclipse iceoryx2](https://github.com/eclipse-iceoryx/iceoryx2), a zero-copy IPC framework with ~3,300 unsafe usages.

It focuses more on summarizing and documenting practical usage patterns of unsafe code and the specific contracts involved, particularly across different application scenarios. 
> Priority areas include cross-process synchronization, memory-mapped regions, cross-process atomics, and UnsafeCell in shared memory—patterns common in systems programming but underdocumented.

> This goal is neither concerned with specific contracts nor with particular application scenarios. It starts from the Rust standard library and summarizes general rules to guide further development of library features involving unsafe code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This goal is focused on ensuring that particular `unsafe` usages from the language and standard library are documented in a normative fashion as to how they behave. It would not produce a general standard or set of guidelines on how to use `unsafe` to mitigate risk of introducing undefined behavior.
```
